DON’T GO THROUGH THAT DOOR!!
Don’t go through that door~
<i>Don’t</i> go through the door
Someone’s got to be behind these illusions and tricks
“Why should I stop?
Why? What’s beyond that door?
<i>Humming some joyful tune</i>
come closer
This isn’t the first time, is it?
I hear them. Breathing, shaking, watching
Did that clown do all this?
What you hear is the sound of lies from the Devil. Don’t stop, keep walking
Pained scream
Did you think walking through the forest for a bit would let you escape?
Nature was supposed to be an escape, not my own prison
Finally feels like a forest-forest. No funny business going on
How long have I been here, for the store to be this rotten?
Oh God… I don’t think that was a can
We all know what happened to Icarus, but let’s try, I guess
I’m starting to embody the definition of insanity a bit too perfectly
Old habits die hard, I guess. Thought a good clown would have more variety in their tricks.
Seems it’s gone for good
His appearance is mocking my existence
Jeez, how many times do I have to walk through these woods?
All paths lead to Rome’, they said. Seems this forest doesn’t have a Rome
At what point does the journey lose meaning, and the end become the only desirable experience?
I feel someone watching. That’s the price of having a creative imagination
Looks like I’ve found my Rome
Please, help me
Seems like the forest wants to keep me here a little longer
Are the roots like the trees’ web? Like their nervous system? Tracking me? Spying on me?
Not exactly a fan of circus tricks…
Did I imagine the sound? Or the pizzas? I don’t even know anymore….
Just what I was looking for
Time has turned my effort into a struggle. I don’t remember why I even went here
Shit, I think I forgot my wallet…
never mind, found it
I think I need some sleep. A good, long nap
Feels kind of nice having someone to talk to

Maybe they could help me leave this place
Welcome, welcome!
Such a simple task, yet too much for you? Disappointing
Well done! Beginner’s luck, eh?
Maybe they know something about the spirit from earlier?

There you are! I missed you. Now, onto the second game: “Hammer Time”! Here, you have to put all your might into swinging this big hammer onto this pad right here. I’ll show you

… I expected a bit more ‘oomph’.
Well done! perfectly executed
Maybe they know something about the spirit from earlier?

There you are! Welcome to the final game, ‘Dunk the Clown’! Here you need to throw these balls, and hit the big, red button. If you manage that, I’ll fall into this big pool of water. What do you say? Want to give it a try?
All these attempts, and still you fail. The déjà vu must be killing you
You’ve completed all three games of mine. I hope you’re not getting bored or anything
All I see is hidden. Kids without heads, a clown with a mask, some spirit thing I can’t even make out the shape of
This forest is my grave, and I’m carrying my own corpse to my coffin
Shit, that’s from a human, I think… seems fresh, too fresh…
